Cursor

commands powershell console

New-Item -Path "options\options.css" -ItemType File
New-Item -Path "options\options.js" -ItemType File
New-Item -Path "options\options.html" -ItemType File

When selective capture is clicked, this error occurs
Uncaught SyntaxError: Identifier 'CaptureOverlay' has already been declared (at capture-overlay.js:1:1)

Full page capture looks to be working but where does it store it. 

Screen recording does not do any action

New-Item -Path "background\screen-select.js" -ItemType File
New-Item -Path "background\screen-select.html" -ItemType File
New-Item -Path "background\screen-select.html" -ItemType File

Change 1:

The following changes are what I need to make
1) The Popup does not have Jarvis Icon. It needs to have a title Jarvis Helper with the logo.
2) The popup needs to stay in the same window and tab when initiated and needs to be showing up as a side bar on the right hand side.
3) this popup side bar needs to be collapsible but with some visibility .
4) The popup need to have 6 sections Screen Capture, Video Recording, Todo List , Save Bookmark, Help from AI, Data Google Docs/sheets
5) Use icons in src\icons to take action from user.

Change 2:

Implement the following changes

In the popup html : All the Buttons need to be 50% smaller. Each row should have 2 buttons.
In the popup html Screen capture section : Add Edit screenshot button and add functionality to edit screenshots with drawing tools, text boxes, arrows, and stickers
In the popup html Video Recording section : Add Webcam Recording button and functionality to record yourself alongside screen content for personalized explanations
In the popup html Video Recording section : When Start Recording or Webcam recording  is in progress, these buttons need to change to Stop Recording or Stop Webcam recording.
In the popup html Video Recording section : Add button to Edit Video recording
In the popup html Todo List section : Add date along with task and default is today’s date
In the popup html Todo List section : List top 5 tasks below the task input box
In the popup html Todo List section :  across the list of top 5 tasks add check box to denote completion


Change 3:

In the popup html Screen capture section : When user clicks on Screen capture Full page button, the screen capture overlay should be shown. The screen capture overlay should have a close button on the top right corner.
In the popup html Screen capture section : The screen capture overlay should have a drawing tools section with options to draw freehand, text, arrows, and stickers.
In the popup html Screen capture section : The screen capture overlay should have a text input box at the bottom.
In the popup html Screen capture section : The screen capture overlay should have a button at the bottom to save the screenshot.
In the popup html Screen capture section : The screen capture overlay should have a button at the bottom to cancel the screenshot.

In the popup html Screen capture section : When user clicks on Screen capture Selection button, the screen capture overlay should be shown. The screen capture overlay should have a close button on the top right corner.
In the popup html Screen capture section : The screen capture overlay should have a drawing tools section with options to draw freehand, text, arrows, and stickers.
In the popup html Screen capture section : The screen capture overlay should have a text input box at the bottom.
In the popup html Screen capture section : The screen capture overlay should have a button at the bottom to save the screenshot.
In the popup html Screen capture section : The screen capture overlay should have a button at the bottom to cancel the screenshot.

